Imageer - Image processorWritten by: Jason Hodges-Harris,  Developer Technical Support.Version History1.0.0d3  -  02/15/96	JHH.-	Fixed a problem where unsupported TIFF image files would attempt to load and result in the display of corrupted image data. Should now force the load operation to abort if an unsupported opcode tag is detected.1.0.0d2  -  01/30/96	JHH.-  Fixed problem calculating the maximum size of an image window.-  Separated out MMU address mode test and set/reset call into single function.-  Added function to fill in a QuickDraw GX based rect structure with short variable parameters.-  Added progress bar dialog (CDEF based) to provide feedback during TIFF file load operation.-  Added CustomGetFile() dialog together with dialog hook and file filter function to support the customised dialog with pop up menus to select which file type is visible and therefore available for loading.-  Added CustomPutFile() dialog together with dialog hook to support customised dialog.-  Removed original Save function to save PICT type images. Replaced this with an improved function which is capable of supporting saving the PICT as a QuickTime JPEG compressed image.-  Added separate dialog to select JPEG compression setting when image is saved as a PICT file.-  Added splash screen.-  Registered application creator type and added a custom icon family.-  Implemented support for Undo and Redo menu commands. For QuickDraw based images, the cache files are stored within the Temporary folder on the system volume and for QuickDraw GX, copies of the shape's transform object is stored with memory allocation controlled by QuickDraw GX.-  Removed memory leak which occurred when switching a window to use QuickDraw GX for image display and not disposing of the now obselete GWorld structure.-  Added file Revert function (selectable from the File menu), so the last saved version of the image can be reloaded to roll back all user changes.1.0.0d1   -  12/15/95   JHH.   Initial internal release version. Note that this application is only the first developer release and will continue to be enhanced with extra functionality (as described later) at various stages when time permits.