Read Me About StreamNOP1.0b3StreamNOP is a sample STREAMS module that was designed for you to use as a template when creating STREAMS modules.  The template demonstrates the following features:1. An empty STREAMS module that does nothing to messages that pass through it.2. Set up for using OT debugging macros.3. Set up for Instrumentation using the Instrumentation SDK.4. My standard technique for getting per-stream data.5. All my standard asserts.StreamNOP is largely derived from the TPIFile source, but it is simplified to the point where it makes a useful template.Packing ListThe StreamNOP package contains the following items:• Read Me About StreamNOP — This document.• StreamNOP.mcp — A PPC project file to build the “StreamNOP” module.• StreamNOP — A compiled version of the StreamNOP.µ project.• StreamNOP.c — Source to the StreamNOP module.Installation and ExecutionTo test the sample, do the following:1. Drag the “StreamNOP” module into your Extensions folder.2. You can now open a stream using the following code snippet and StreamNOP will be inserted in the stream:  ep = OTOpenEndpoint(OTCreateConfiguration("StreamNOP,tcp"), …);Building the SampleThis sample was built using the Metrowerks CodeWarrior Pro 2 environment upgraded to Universal Interfaces 3.3.2.To rebuild the sample, first open the project then choose Make from the Project menu to build the StreamNOP module.Credits and Version HistoryIf you find any problems with this sample, mail <DTS@apple.com> as the first line of your mail and I’ll try to fix them up.Version 1.0b1 (Aug 1997) is the first release.Version 1.0b2 (Jul 1998) is an update to the CodeWarrior Pro 2 environment with OT 1.3 interfaces and libraries.  This was prompted by the problems CodeWarrior has converting projects with “.exp” files.  I now use #pragma export instead of a “.exp” file.  There are no code changes.Version 1.0b3 (Oct 2000) is a minor update to provider compatibility with Universal Interfaces 3.3.2.Share and EnjoyApple Developer Technical SupportNetworking, Communications, Hardware6 Oct 2000