			Talktool 1.1	© Copyright 1989 Apple Computer, Inc.		Programmed by Ricardo Batista, Apple Integrated Systems	This is an MPW 3.0 tool to help you work with AppleTalk.	The source code of Talktool was written in C and assembler		I use this tool when I am developing AppleTalk code and I need to experiment	at the same time the program is being coded.  The source code is provided.		AppleTalk protocols used are:			NBP		DDP		Echo		ATP		ZIP					Copy Talktool into the Tools folder of your MPW folder. To get help invoke	Talktool with no parameters in the MPW Shell.		The functions provided by Talktool are:			Register a name in the network, the user provides an object name and a type,		the tool provides a dummy socket listener so the socket does not get reused		by another process.				Lookup names in the network, the user can optionally give as parameters an		object name, a type name, a zone or a combination of the three as search		criteria.  Initial buffer allocated is for 200 names.				Write a DDP packet.  The user provides a destination network number,		destination node, socket, ddpType and optional data.  Before sending		a ddp packet a socket is opened and a socket listener installed in case		we receive a response, then the packet is sent out and we wait 30		seconds for a response.  If a response is received then we display the		data we got.		The socket and its listener are then disposed of.				Write an ATP packet.  The user provides a destination network number,		destination node, socket, atpUserData and optional data.  The packet		is sent out as a transaction request and we wait 30 seconds for a response.		If a response is received then we display the data we got back.				Write an Echo packet.  The user provides a destination network number,		destination node, and optional data.  To send an Echo packet we first		create a ddp socket and a socket listener to receive the echo reply.		The packet is sent out and we wait 30 seconds for the echo reply.		If a reply is received then we display the data we got.		The ddp socket and its listener are then disposed of.			Set SelfSend flag.  This enables or disables the capability to send		and receive packets from our own machine.				Zone names can be requested from the network, and the zone to which		this machine belongs is pointed out to the user.