Remote Control / Server Controllerversion 1.1Copyright © 1991-1995, Apple Computer, Inc.All Rights Reservedby Jim Luther, Apple Developer Technical SupportRemote Control and Server Controller are free software and can be distributed freely by individuals. For commercial distribution or bulletin board distribution please contact Apple Software Licensing at AppleLink: SW.LICENSERemote Control and Server Controller are distributed “as is” and unsupported by Apple or the author. Please don't call Apple or the author for technical support on this program.What’s it do?The two applications, Remote Control and Server Controller, allow the owner of a Macintosh to start or stop the file server running on that Macintosh using another Macintosh at another location on the network.SetupTo setup the server Macintosh:• Drop the Server Controller application on the System Folder. It will automatically be moved to the Extensions folder.• Make sure the Macintosh Owner Name, Owner Password, and Macintosh Name of are set with the Sharing Setup control panel or AppleShare Admin application.• Make sure Program Linking is “on” with the Sharing Setup control panel.• Make sure Program Linking is enabled for the owner of the system with the Users & Groups control panel or AppleShare Admin application.• Make sure AppleTalk is “on” with the Chooser.• Reboot the system; Server Controller will be launched and if everything is setup correctly, you won't see any error notification dialogs.To setup and use the remote Macintosh to control the server remotely:• Make sure Program Linking is “on” with the Sharing Setup control panel.• Make sure AppleTalk is “on” with the Chooser.• Run the Remote Control application.• Select “Connect to Remote Macintosh…” from the Remote menu.• Use the program linking and the user identity dialogs to connect to the server Macintosh as the server’s owner (other users cannot connect).• Using Remote Control from here on is pretty obvious; just quit, or disconnect and quit when you're done.Upgrading from version 1.0 to version 1.1If you had Server Remove Control v1.0 installed and are upgrading to Server Remote Control v1.1, you will need to rebuild your Desktop to get the correct icons for Server Controller and for Remote Control connection documents.About Server ControllerServer Controller is a faceless background application; it has no user interface and won't show up in the Application menu. When it's launched, it first performs a few checks to make sure it can do its job; if it can't, then it puts up an error notification dialog describing the problem and then quits. If everything is set up correctly, then it opens a PPC port and goes to sleep until the server's owner, using the Remote Control application, connects with it. While the owner is connected,  Server Controller sends status information to the Remote Control application and makes server control calls passed to it by Remote Control.If you need to quit Server Controller, you can use ProcDoggie or Task-It (two other DTS sample applications), or you can drag Server Controller out of the Extensions folder and reboot.About Remote ControlRemote Control displays status information it gets from Server Controller and send server control commands to Server Controller to start the server, stop the server, or cancel the start or stop operation. The only menu items of real interest are File, which lets you quit Remote Control, and open and save connection files, and Remote, which lets you connect to or disconnect from the Server Controller application.Once a connection is made with the Server Controller application, a small window will appear with a single button and some status information. The button will either be Start, Stop, or Cancel depending on current status of the remote file server. The status information returned is:• Macintosh Name, the name of the Macintosh running Server Controller you've connected to.• Zone, the zone the Macintosh running Server Controller you've connected to is in. (If there are no zones, this field will be “*”)• Status, the status of the remote file server.After making a connection, you can save the location of that connection as a Remote Control connection file by selecting the Save item under the File menu. Opening a Remote Control connection file later, either by opening the connection file from the Finder, or by selecting the Open item under the File menu, will save you the step of finding the server using the program linking dialog box.To disconnect from the Server Controller application, you can use either the “Disconnection from remote Macintosh” item in the Remote menu or you can Quit the Remote Control application.Release Notes1.0d2 - Although this is only version 1.0d2, it is completely usable and has no crashing bugs that I know of. I'll be making several major internal changes to both applications before releasing another version, but since this version works and is useful, I thought I'd pass it around and get a little feedback on the user interface, etc.Remote Control 1.0d2++ - I've fixed a few minor bugs and rebuilt the program with the final ServerControlIntf file.Server Controller 1.0d2++ - I fixed a problem with case-insensitivity in the user name and rebuilt the program with the final ServerControlIntf file.Remote Control 1.0 - If the PPC connection is broken, the application window is now closed.Server Controller 1.0 - Server Controller now grabs 2K of extra stack space so it can work with other programs that "borrow" too much of its stack space.Remote Control 1.1 - Added the ability to save and open Remote Control connection files which hold the location of a Server Controller server. Added command key (command-R) for connecting and disconnecting with remote system.Server Controller 1.1 - Fixed a couple of minor bugs. The first would cause Remote Control to have a button with no title and an empty status box. The second could cause long delays (which looked like system hangs) when a new connection was made. I also made Server Controller an 'appe' faceless background-only application so that it is auto-routed to the Extensions folder when you drop it on the System Folder.NOTE: Remote Control version 1.0 or later can only communicate with Server Controller version 1.0 or later.