    Yes, the Quadra is great, but not in all aspects. The speaker of the Quadra 900 is     better suited for a hard rock concert than for a little workroom at late hours in     the night. In order to avoid the startup blast, or at last, keep it in a civilized     level, I wrote this little piece of code as soon as my wife heared that noise. It     makes use of some new calls from IM VI (FindFolder, the FSSSpec stuff), as well as     calls from the ancient IM kit (PRAM and shutdown manager).     As you know, in the new machines (Quadra 700, 900 and PowerBook 140, 170) the startup     sound level depends on the level you set in the control panel "Sound" (so, its stored     in the Parameter RAM). Nobody knows why, but when you put the level to 0, the startup     sound seems to be at 6. So, the only thing you can do is set the vol to 1.    Drop the program in your "Startup Items" folder. Each time it«s invoked it installs a     shutdown procedure that, at shutdown time:    1) gets the volume level    2) saves it in the "NoSound.prefs" file in "Preferences" folder and    3) set the volume level to 1    In addition, it reads the volume level saved and restore it.    In two words: it downs the sound level at shutdown time and set it back to its original     level at startup time, once the startup sound is executed.     Feel free to use and distribute it. But remember that each Mac is a world. I only tested     it in a reduced number of machines. I can assure that«s working in my Quadras, both at     home and in office since its inception, without any known disruption or any harmful side     effect. In addition other people is using it and they still talk to me.    Faustino ForcŽn    System Software Specialist    Apple Computer Spain    Faustino ForcŽn is just the standard kind of programmer. That is, he works until very late,     sometimes is very ugly and usually his table is full of papers (without any order, of     course). With this pedigree is really strange that he is happily married and father of a     beautiful daughter of three months old.    A self learning person, his code is sometimes nasty and sometimes bizarre. The most     disturbing is that it really works!!. Actually, in addition to programming until 5 a.m.,     he employs itÕs spare time in being System Software Specialist for Apple Computer Spain.     His three favourites hobbies, apart from the computer are comics, history and his family.