GetPPPStatusVersion: 1.0DescriptionA program sample demonstrating the use of AppleEvents to obtain the status of a PPP connection when OT/PPP or ARA 3.0 is present.  This sample can be run even if the connection is not active.There are two methods for obtaining status information about an OT/PPP or ARA 3.0 connection.  One method is to open a PPP endpoint and issue the CC_OPT_GETMISCINFO Option Management call to a PPP endpoint.  The second method is to send an AppleEvent to the Finder to request the status information.  The Finder will in turn pass the Apple Event to either OT/PPP or to ARA for processing.The reason for using the Apple Event method is that the CC_OPT_GETMISCINFO Option Management call does not return all of the available information like, the connection speed string, connection message, and the protocol message for ARA 3.0. Building the CodeThis sample was built using the Metrowerks CodeWarrior 11 environment and the Open Transport 1.2 SDK interfaces and libraries.To rebuild the project, open it in CodeWarrior, change the access path as appropriate to point to the Open Tpt Client Developer folder in the OT 1.1.2 (or newer) SDK, and choose Make from the Project menu.Limitations:This sample reuires the presence of Open Transport 1.1.1 or greater and OT/PPP or ARA 3.0 or greater.Copyright (work in progress)  Apple Computer, Inc You may incorporate this sample code into your applications without restriction, though the sample code has been provided "AS IS" and the responsibility for its operation is 100% yours.  However, what you are not permitted to do is to redistribute the source as "DSC Sample Code"after having made changes. If you're going to re-distribute the source, we require that you make it clear in the source that the code was descended from Apple Sample Code, but that you've made changes.Bug Reports:If you find any bugs, please send them to "devsupport@apple.com" and include "Attn: Rich Kubota" and I will try to address them.Rich KubotaApple Macintosh Developer Technical Supportrkubota@apple.com2/5/98