QuickTime movie: Rotate Cube SmallCreated by: Jason Hodges-Harris,  Developer Technical Support.Please note - It is advisable to display this movie on a screen at a bit depth of thousands or millions  of colors.This movie has been included with the ChromaKeyMovie application as an example of how the chroma keying effect operates.The following steps describe the effects produced by the application on this movie:¥   After launching the application, select Open and load the 'Rotate Cube Small' file. ¥   There should now be a visible window containing the QuickTime movie of a Green Cube on a checked black and white background.¥   Select the play button on the movie controller and the movie will now play. Note, one of the default options sets the movie to loop continually.Now to test some of the effects:¥   Select 'Transparent Color' from the 'keying Mode' menu and the color picker is displayed. Select a color to use as the keying color and press the OK button. If either white (red = 255, green = 255, blue = 255) or black (red = 255, green = 255, blue = 255) aren't selected with this movie, then the chromakeying effect will not be effective. Selecting one of the colors used by the cube will also work, but due to their variety and color range, this won't produce satisfactory results for most values. If black is selected, this produces the default effect, and white produces an effect where the white areas of the cube display the checked background pattern.¥  Both the 'Movie in Foreground' and 'Movie in Background' options, move the movie image relate to that of the checked pattern. This defaults to 'Movie in Foreground' and by selecting 'Movie in Background' the cube becomes hidden behind the black squares with a white key color and behind the white squares with a black key color. For all the other possible  key colors, only the background checked pattern is visible.¥   Both the 'Graphix' and 'Modifier Track' modes produce the same effect and remove all the movie color selected from the 'Transparent Color' option and replaces it with white.This should be enough to produce ideas on the creation and editing of movie files, to enable consistant and reliable results from this effect. 